# Agenda

* Intros
* Mailing list has been spun up for meeting archives (https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-open-ui/)
* Chrome Developer Summit recap
* `<select>` spec status
* [Spec template](https://github.com/openui/open-ui/pull/17)
* Status updates
* [Issue 27](https://github.com/openui/open-ui/issues/27): How should icons/glyphs be named?
* [Issue 28](https://github.com/openui/open-ui/issues/28): How should the icons/glyphs be implemented?

# Notes

## Attendees

* Chris Holt - Edge
* Derrik Marcey - Github
* Levi Thomason - Teams
* Emily Plummer - Github
* Greg Whitworth - Edge

## Actions
	
* [ ] Chris to work on splash page
* [ ] Greg to send link for W3 staging info
* [ ] Levi to add badges for stage of document
* [ ] Levi & Chris to trim down current PR and merge

## Emily Plummer
	
* GitHub design systems, works closely with Primer.
	* Why Open UI?: Improve HTML spec, use native controls, smaller app bundles

## Derrick Marcey
	
* Github, previously MS, works on the UI systems.
	* Why Open UI?: Pit of success for accessibility

## Chrome Dev Summit

* Went well, how to get involved on Open UI?
	* Didn't spend too much time on Open UI
	* Mozilla wants to get engaged. Shawn Boysen, EM on layout for FireFox.
	* AirBnb reached out and wanted to get engaged in Open UI, follow up coming.

## Select
	
* Working draft is up
	* "Parts" are implemented as pseudo elements
		
* Can't attach event listeners
  * Feedback wanted
    
## Spec template

Levi: There is some React specific content and there may be some adjustments to it and we should remove 
Fluent UI team unsure about what to include in Open UI vs local Fluent UI "specs"
Keep framework agnostic, add statement to top to remind contributors of this

## What is Github's interest?
Emily: I would like to see the HTML improve so that we're not having to re-implement them

## Layering / z-index
Greg: We will have magic for ensuring the popup is on top of all content, is this something that you all would want?

Emily: We have a whole backlog of z-index bugs and we plan to try to fix that so it would be nice to have.

Derrik: Yeah, I'd love to remove the pit of failure that we all fall in specifically for accessibility

Chris: We're looking at a similar abstraction layer and so this would be interesting to look at but I'd like to do our due diligicence as we don't always want it on the top of all content in the DOM but it may be relative to an aspect of the DOM.

Chris: Agree is pain point, FastDNA also working on some generic solution. Not sure if is in Open UI scope.

Greg: How do we cover these kinds of things with Open UI community?

Levi: Open UI would like to expand the community and format to tackle other problems (data structures/APIs, things like z-index).
