# Open UI Telecon, September 24

## Agenda

1. Should proposals include details of current workarounds? [175](https://github.com/openui/open-ui/issues/175)
2. RTL for <input type=file> [174](https://github.com/openui/open-ui/issues/174)
3. Drop target for <input type=file> [173](https://github.com/openui/open-ui/issues/173)

## Minutes
Minutes can be viewed [here]()

## Resolutions

## Actions
